README.md, before:

# Cesar-encryptor

Cesar cipher encryptor  with CLI interface

## Requirements

- Python3
- Optionally:
    - PipEnv

## Usage

```text
usage: python encrypt.py [-h] [-p [PATHES ...]] [-d DESTINATION] [-r] [-s SHIFT] [-b [BORDERS ...]]
                         [-e {utf-8, ascii, ...}]
                         input [input ...]

Simple CLI Cesar Encryptor/Decryptor

positional arguments:
  input                 An input text for encrypt

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -p [PATHES ...], --pathes [PATHES ...]
                        A path/pathes to a file/files/directory/directories
  -d DESTINATION, --destination DESTINATION, --dest DESTINATION
                        Destination path
  -r, --recursively     Recursively encrypt/decrypt everuthing in input path. Doesnt do anything if file on input
  -v, --verbose         Print results into stdout
  -s SHIFT, --shift SHIFT
                        The value by which the letters will be shifted relative to the alphabet
  -b [BORDERS ...], --borders [BORDERS ...]
                        Alphabet/alphabets borders in format: a-z A-Z а-я А-Я
  -e {utf-8, ascii, ...}, --encoding {utf-8, ascii, ...}
                        Encoding of texts of input and output files
```

Use by:

```bash
cd src/
python encrypt.py [options] <input>
```

Or if pipenv installed:

`pipenv run encrypt [options] <input>`

Commit message:

Added decryptor, key generator and refactored architecture for easily implementation of new crypthography algorithms

README.md, after:

# CryptoPie

Encryptor and decryptor with implemented collection of encryption algorithms and CLI interface

## Requirements

- Python3
- Optionally:
  - PipEnv

## Usage

```text
usage: python crypto_pie.py [-h] [-p [PATHES ...]] [-d DESTINATION] [-r] [-k KEY] [-b [BORDERS ...]]
                         [-e {utf-8, ascii, ...}]
                         {encrypt,decrypt} ... input [input ...]

Encryptor/Decryptor with CLI interface

positional arguments:
  {encrypt,decrypt}     List of purposes handlers
    encrypt             Encrypt options
      options:
        -h, --help          show help message
        -g, --generate_key  Generate random key
    decrypt             Decrypt options
    options:
      -h, --help  show help message
  input                 An input text for encrypt

options:
  -h, --help            show help message
  -p [PATHES ...], --pathes [PATHES ...]
                        A path/pathes to a file/files/directory/directories
  -d DESTINATION, --destination DESTINATION, --dest DESTINATION
                        Destination path
  -r, --recursively     Recursively encrypt/decrypt everuthing in input path. Doesnt do anything if file on input
  -v, --verbose         Print results into stdout
  -k KEY, --key KEY     The value by which an input will be encrypted/decrypted
  -b [BORDERS ...], --borders [BORDERS ...]
                        Alphabet/alphabets borders in format: a-z A-Z а-я А-Я
  -e {utf-8, ascii, ...}, --encoding {utf-8, ascii, ...}
                        Encoding of texts of input and output files
```

Use by:

```bash
cd src/
python encrypt.py [options] <input>
```

Or if pipenv installed:

```bash
pipenv run crypto_pie [options] <input>
```
